I'm here at Home Depot to show you how
to make $5 stands by today so let's
start with the parts list so the main
thing you're going to need is the sand
spike it's in the building materials
section and it's a 14 gauge four-foot
medium-duty
you post and it only cost $4 11 cents so
the nuts and bolts are all going to be
metric m61 millimeter thread you're
going to need a 75 millimeter metric cap
screw 30 millimeter machine screw m6 one
thread wing nut and a zinc plated lock
nut so the only other thing you're going
to need is a one and a half inch by two
foot PCV pipe alright now that we got
all our parts we can go back home and
assemble it
now that you're home ready to assemble
your San spike just take your PCV pipe
and eyeball about a two-inch section
from the top cut that off with a hacksaw
if you don't have a hacksaw
you can use an old knife heat it up over
the flame until it's red-hot and just
melt right through it
this piece is going to keep the top of
the poll steady on San spike
all right and to keep the butt of the
pole in place just measure out eyeball
about four inches of the PCV pipe cut
that off
all right now that you got your two
pieces of PCV pipe cut you can take a
nail try to get one as large as you can
because you're going to hold this over a
flame now and you're going to melt a
hole in the plastic that's as big a
diameter as the screw if you could do
this outside I would recommend doing
that because the fumes that are going to
be emitted from the PCV pipe is it's
probably toxic honestly so just really
careful about that don't inhale it if
anything make sure that you turn on your
your fans and just try not to inhale any
of those fumes so you're going to heat
up your nail until it's red-hot if you
have a torch of make this lot easier lot
faster
keep that needle up ready to hot because
the plastic is going to cool it real
fast
all right when your nail is hot enough
for the short piece of PCV pipe you want
to melt one hole straight through the
center not through both sides just
through one side to turn on your exhaust
fans and melt that hole
so it should look something like this
after you melt the hole and your your
bolt should be able to fit through it
all right now for the longer piece of
PCV pipe you're going to do the same
thing heat that nail up melt one hole
through the bottom of the PCV pipe and
do another hole on the opposite side
that lines up so it's going to be
something like that okay when you're
doing this if you have a pair of plumber
pliers that would be a little bit safer
because if you just use some normal
pliers without any insulation it's going
to get really hot and you might not be
able to hold the pliers so when you're
attaching this small piece of PCV pipe
first you want to take that 30
millimeter screw take that that twist
nut or whatever you call it and put it
on backwards on that screw screw it all
the way
all the ways so it can't can't do it
anymore looks like that there's a little
hole on the top line that hole up with
the one that you melted like that put it
through take one of those lock nuts and
there's a little bit of that screw
sticking out just put it on there and
screw tight
all right next about 3/4 of the way down
this sand spike there's another hole
just line it up with that one where you
add your two holes drilled put your 75
millimeter bolt through
might have to hit it with a hammer
alright that's through put that on there
that's going to hold your Pole that's 75
millimeter screw is going to prevent it
from slipping out just put that last
lock washer on there
right five dollars and spike as good as
anything you can buy for 25 bucks Sports
Authority or any fishing shop one
problem that you might run into if you
have this top PCV pipe like this is that
this bolt will get in the way and your
pole won't be able to fit through so if
this happens to you you can just take a
knife or something heat it up and melt
half of that off and now you got a spike
where you can just play your pole in it
you don't got to put it through the top
the only problem with this is if your
pole isn't angled in the ground like
this and if it's more straight up then
your pole could fall off the spike
pretty easily go into the sand so if you
do it like this just make sure it's
angled in the sand properly like this
you